README.md, before:

# Open Archiver

[![Docker Compose](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker%20Compose-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)](https://www.docker.com)
[![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-4169E1?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)](https://www.postgresql.org/)
[![Meilisearch](https://img.shields.io/badge/Meilisearch-FF5A5F?style=for-the-badge&logo=meilisearch&logoColor=white)](https://www.meilisearch.com/)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redis-DC382D?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white)](https://redis.io)
[![SvelteKit](https://img.shields.io/badge/SvelteKit-FF3E00?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=white)](https://svelte.dev/)

**A secure, sovereign, and open-source platform for email archiving.**

Open Archiver provides a robust, self-hosted solution for archiving, storing, indexing, and searching emails from major platforms, including Google Workspace (Gmail), Microsoft 365, PST files, as well as generic IMAP-enabled email inboxes. Use Open Archiver to keep a permanent, tamper-proof record of your communication history, free from vendor lock-in.

## 📸 Screenshots

![Open Archiver Preview](assets/screenshots/dashboard-1.png)
_Dashboard_

![Open Archiver Preview](assets/screenshots/archived-emails.png)
_Archived emails_

![Open Archiver Preview](assets/screenshots/search.png)
_Full-text search across all your emails and attachments_

## 👨‍👩‍👧‍👦 Join our community!

We are committed to build an engaging community around Open Archiver, and we are inviting all of you to join our community on Discord to get real-time support and connect with the team.

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Join%20our%20Discord-7289DA?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/MTtD7BhuTQ)

[![Bluesky](https://img.shields.io/badge/Follow%20us%20on%20Bluesky-0265D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=bluesky&logoColor=white)](https://bsky.app/profile/openarchiver.bsky.social)

## 🚀 Live demo

Check out the live demo here: https://demo.openarchiver.com

Username: admin@local.com

Password: openarchiver_demo

## ✨ Key Features

- **Universal Ingestion**: Connect to any email provider to perform initial bulk imports and maintain continuous, real-time synchronization. Ingestion sources include:
    - IMAP connection
    - Google Workspace
    - Microsoft 365
    - Outlook Personal (personal Microsoft accounts)
    - PST files
    - Zipped .eml files
    - Mbox files

- **Secure & Efficient Storage**: Emails are stored in the standard `.eml` format. The system uses deduplication and compression to minimize storage costs. All files are encrypted at rest.
- **Pluggable Storage Backends**: Support both local filesystem storage and S3-compatible object storage (like AWS S3 or MinIO).
- **Powerful Search & eDiscovery**: A high-performance search engine indexes the full text of emails and attachments (PDF, DOCX, etc.).
- **Thread discovery**: The ability to discover if an email belongs to a thread/conversation and present the context.
- **Compliance & Retention**: Define granular retention policies to automatically manage the lifecycle of your data. Place legal holds on communications to prevent deletion during litigation (TBD).
- **File Hash and Encryption**: Email and attachment file hash values are stored in the meta database upon ingestion, meaning any attempt to alter the file content will be identified, ensuring legal and regulatory compliance.
-   - Each archived email comes with an "Integrity Report" feature that indicates if the files are original.
- **Comprehensive Auditing**: An immutable audit trail logs all system activities, ensuring you have a clear record of who accessed what and when.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

Open Archiver is built on a modern, scalable, and maintainable technology stack:

- **Frontend**: SvelteKit with Svelte 5
- **Backend**: Node.js with Express.js & TypeScript
- **Job Queue**: BullMQ on Redis for robust, asynchronous processing. (We use Valkey as the Redis service in the Docker Compose deployment mode, but you can use Redis as well.)
- **Search Engine**: Meilisearch for blazingly fast and resource-efficient search
- **Database**: PostgreSQL for metadata, user management, and audit logs
- **Deployment**: Docker Compose deployment

## 📦 Deployment

### Prerequisites

- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) and [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)
- A server or local machine with at least 4GB of RAM (2GB of RAM if you use external Postgres, Redis (Valkey) and Meilisearch instances).

### Installation

1.  **Clone the repository:**

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/LogicLabs-OU/OpenArchiver.git
    cd OpenArchiver
    ```

2.  **Configure your environment:**
    Copy the example environment file and customize it with your settings.

    ```bash
    cp .env.example .env
    ```

    You will need to edit the `.env` file to set your admin passwords, secret keys, and other essential configuration. Read the .env.example for how to set up.

3.  **Run the application:**

    ```bash
    docker compose up -d
    ```

    This command will pull the pre-built Docker images and start all the services (frontend, backend, database, etc.) in the background.

4.  **Access the application:**
    Once the services are running, you can access the Open Archiver web interface by navigating to `http://localhost:3000` in your web browser.

## ⚙️ Data Source Configuration

After deploying the application, you will need to configure one or more ingestion sources to begin archiving emails. Follow our detailed guides to connect to your email provider:

- [Connecting to Google Workspace](https://docs.openarchiver.com/user-guides/email-providers/google-workspace.html)
- [Connecting to Microsoft 365](https://docs.openarchiver.com/user-guides/email-providers/microsoft-365.html)
- [Connecting to Outlook Personal](https://docs.openarchiver.com/user-guides/email-providers/outlook-personal.html)
- [Connecting to a Generic IMAP Server](https://docs.openarchiver.com/user-guides/email-providers/imap.html)
- [Local Development Setup](https://docs.openarchiver.com/user-guides/local-development.html)

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community!

- **Reporting Bugs**: If you find a bug, please open an issue on our GitHub repository.
- **Suggesting Enhancements**: Have an idea for a new feature? We'd love to hear it. Open an issue to start the discussion.
- **Code Contributions**: If you'd like to contribute code, please fork the repository and submit a pull request.

Please read our `CONTRIBUTING.md` file for more details on our code of conduct and the process for submitting pull requests.

## 📈 Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=LogicLabs-OU/OpenArchiver&type=Date)](https://www.star-history.com/#LogicLabs-OU/OpenArchiver&Date)

Commit message:

updated dev env and documentation for azure

README.md, after:

# Open Archiver

[![Docker Compose](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker%20Compose-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)](https://www.docker.com)
[![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-4169E1?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)](https://www.postgresql.org/)
[![Meilisearch](https://img.shields.io/badge/Meilisearch-FF5A5F?style=for-the-badge&logo=meilisearch&logoColor=white)](https://www.meilisearch.com/)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redis-DC382D?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white)](https://redis.io)
[![SvelteKit](https://img.shields.io/badge/SvelteKit-FF3E00?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=white)](https://svelte.dev/)

**A secure, sovereign, and open-source platform for email archiving.**

Open Archiver provides a robust, self-hosted solution for archiving, storing, indexing, and searching emails from major platforms, including Google Workspace (Gmail), Microsoft 365, PST files, as well as generic IMAP-enabled email inboxes. Use Open Archiver to keep a permanent, tamper-proof record of your communication history, free from vendor lock-in.

## 📸 Screenshots

![Open Archiver Preview](assets/screenshots/dashboard-1.png)
_Dashboard_

![Open Archiver Preview](assets/screenshots/archived-emails.png)
_Archived emails_

![Open Archiver Preview](assets/screenshots/search.png)
_Full-text search across all your emails and attachments_

## 👨‍👩‍👧‍👦 Join our community!

We are committed to build an engaging community around Open Archiver, and we are inviting all of you to join our community on Discord to get real-time support and connect with the team.

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Join%20our%20Discord-7289DA?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/MTtD7BhuTQ)

[![Bluesky](https://img.shields.io/badge/Follow%20us%20on%20Bluesky-0265D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=bluesky&logoColor=white)](https://bsky.app/profile/openarchiver.bsky.social)

## 🚀 Live demo

Check out the live demo here: https://demo.openarchiver.com

Username: admin@local.com

Password: openarchiver_demo

## ✨ Key Features

- **Universal Ingestion**: Connect to any email provider to perform initial bulk imports and maintain continuous, real-time synchronization. Ingestion sources include:
    - IMAP connection
    - Google Workspace
    - Microsoft 365
    - Outlook Personal (personal Microsoft accounts)
    - PST files
    - Zipped .eml files
    - Mbox files

- **Secure & Efficient Storage**: Emails are stored in the standard `.eml` format. The system uses deduplication and compression to minimize storage costs. All files are encrypted at rest.
- **Pluggable Storage Backends**: Support both local filesystem storage and S3-compatible object storage (like AWS S3 or MinIO).
- **Powerful Search & eDiscovery**: A high-performance search engine indexes the full text of emails and attachments (PDF, DOCX, etc.).
- **Thread discovery**: The ability to discover if an email belongs to a thread/conversation and present the context.
- **Compliance & Retention**: Define granular retention policies to automatically manage the lifecycle of your data. Place legal holds on communications to prevent deletion during litigation (TBD).
- **File Hash and Encryption**: Email and attachment file hash values are stored in the meta database upon ingestion, meaning any attempt to alter the file content will be identified, ensuring legal and regulatory compliance.
-   - Each archived email comes with an "Integrity Report" feature that indicates if the files are original.
- **Comprehensive Auditing**: An immutable audit trail logs all system activities, ensuring you have a clear record of who accessed what and when.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

Open Archiver is built on a modern, scalable, and maintainable technology stack:

- **Frontend**: SvelteKit with Svelte 5
- **Backend**: Node.js with Express.js & TypeScript
- **Job Queue**: BullMQ on Redis for robust, asynchronous processing. (We use Valkey as the Redis service in the Docker Compose deployment mode, but you can use Redis as well.)
- **Search Engine**: Meilisearch for blazingly fast and resource-efficient search
- **Database**: PostgreSQL for metadata, user management, and audit logs
- **Deployment**: Docker Compose deployment

## 📦 Deployment

### Prerequisites

- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) and [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)
- A server or local machine with at least 4GB of RAM (2GB of RAM if you use external Postgres, Redis (Valkey) and Meilisearch instances).

### Installation

1.  **Clone the repository:**

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/LogicLabs-OU/OpenArchiver.git
    cd OpenArchiver
    ```

2.  **Configure your environment:**
    Copy the example environment file and customize it with your settings.

    ```bash
    cp .env.example .env
    ```

    You will need to edit the `.env` file to set your admin passwords, secret keys, and other essential configuration. Read the .env.example for how to set up.

3.  **Run the application:**

    ```bash
    docker compose up -d
    ```

    This command will pull the pre-built Docker images and start all the services (frontend, backend, database, etc.) in the background.

4.  **Access the application:**
    Once the services are running, you can access the Open Archiver web interface by navigating to `http://localhost:3000` in your web browser.

## ⚙️ Data Source Configuration

After deploying the application, you will need to configure one or more ingestion sources to begin archiving emails. Follow our detailed guides to connect to your email provider:

- [Connecting to Google Workspace](https://docs.openarchiver.com/user-guides/email-providers/google-workspace.html)
- [Connecting to Microsoft 365](https://docs.openarchiver.com/user-guides/email-providers/microsoft-365.html)
- [Connecting to Outlook Personal](https://docs.openarchiver.com/user-guides/email-providers/outlook-personal.html)
- [Connecting to a Generic IMAP Server](https://docs.openarchiver.com/user-guides/email-providers/imap.html)
- [Local Development Setup](https://docs.openarchiver.com/user-guides/local-development.html)

### Outlook Personal Azure App Registration Troubleshooting

When configuring the Outlook Personal provider, Azure may block manifest updates with one of these errors:

- `The name of your application is invalid. 'Hotmail' is not allowed.`
- `Unable to change signInAudience to AzureADandPersonalMicrosoftAccount. Application must accept Access Token Version 2.`

If this happens:

1. Rename the app registration to avoid protected Microsoft brand names (for example, avoid `Hotmail`, `Outlook`, `Microsoft` in the app name).
2. In the app **Manifest**, set access token version to v2:
   - `api.requestedAccessTokenVersion: 2`
   - If present in your tenant, also set `accessTokenAcceptedVersion: 2`
3. Set `signInAudience` to `AzureADandPersonalMicrosoftAccount`.
4. Ensure your redirect URI exactly matches your Open Archiver callback URL (for example, `https://your-domain.com/dashboard/ingestions/oauth-callback`).
5. Save the manifest and retry the Outlook Personal OAuth setup.

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community!

- **Reporting Bugs**: If you find a bug, please open an issue on our GitHub repository.
- **Suggesting Enhancements**: Have an idea for a new feature? We'd love to hear it. Open an issue to start the discussion.
- **Code Contributions**: If you'd like to contribute code, please fork the repository and submit a pull request.

Please read our `CONTRIBUTING.md` file for more details on our code of conduct and the process for submitting pull requests.

## 📈 Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=LogicLabs-OU/OpenArchiver&type=Date)](https://www.star-history.com/#LogicLabs-OU/OpenArchiver&Date)
