docs/api/ingestion.md, before:

# Ingestion Service API

The Ingestion Service manages ingestion sources, which are configurations for connecting to email providers and importing emails.

## Endpoints

All endpoints in this service require authentication.

### POST /api/v1/ingestion-sources

Creates a new ingestion source.

**Access:** Authenticated

#### Request Body

The request body should be a `CreateIngestionSourceDto` object.

```typescript
interface CreateIngestionSourceDto {
	name: string;
	provider: 'google_workspace' | 'microsoft_365' | 'generic_imap' | 'pst_import' | 'eml_import' | 'mbox_import';
	providerConfig: IngestionCredentials;
}
```

#### Example: Creating an Mbox Import Source with File Upload

```json
{
	"name": "My Mbox Import",
	"provider": "mbox_import",
	"providerConfig": {
		"type": "mbox_import",
		"uploadedFileName": "emails.mbox",
		"uploadedFilePath": "open-archiver/tmp/uuid-emails.mbox"
	}
}
```

#### Example: Creating an Mbox Import Source with Local File Path

```json
{
	"name": "My Mbox Import",
	"provider": "mbox_import",
	"providerConfig": {
		"type": "mbox_import",
		"localFilePath": "/path/to/emails.mbox"
	}
}
```

**Note:** When using `localFilePath`, the file will not be deleted after import. When using `uploadedFilePath` (via the upload API), the file will be automatically deleted after import. The same applies to `pst_import` and `eml_import` providers.

#### Responses

- **201 Created:** The newly created ingestion source.
- **500 Internal Server Error:** An unexpected error occurred.

### GET /api/v1/ingestion-sources

Retrieves all ingestion sources.

**Access:** Authenticated

#### Responses

- **200 OK:** An array of ingestion source objects.
- **500 Internal Server Error:** An unexpected error occurred.

### GET /api/v1/ingestion-sources/:id

Retrieves a single ingestion source by its ID.

**Access:** Authenticated

#### URL Parameters

| Parameter | Type   | Description                     |
| :-------- | :----- | :------------------------------ |
| `id`      | string | The ID of the ingestion source. |

#### Responses

- **200 OK:** The ingestion source object.
- **404 Not Found:** Ingestion source not found.
- **500 Internal Server Error:** An unexpected error occurred.

### PUT /api/v1/ingestion-sources/:id

Updates an existing ingestion source.

**Access:** Authenticated

#### URL Parameters

| Parameter | Type   | Description                     |
| :-------- | :----- | :------------------------------ |
| `id`      | string | The ID of the ingestion source. |

#### Request Body

The request body should be an `UpdateIngestionSourceDto` object.

```typescript
interface UpdateIngestionSourceDto {
	name?: string;
	provider?: 'google' | 'microsoft' | 'generic_imap';
	providerConfig?: IngestionCredentials;
	status?: 'pending_auth' | 'auth_success' | 'importing' | 'active' | 'paused' | 'error';
}
```

#### Responses

- **200 OK:** The updated ingestion source object.
- **404 Not Found:** Ingestion source not found.
- **500 Internal Server Error:** An unexpected error occurred.

### DELETE /api/v1/ingestion-sources/:id

Deletes an ingestion source and all associated data.

**Access:** Authenticated

#### URL Parameters

| Parameter | Type   | Description                     |
| :-------- | :----- | :------------------------------ |
| `id`      | string | The ID of the ingestion source. |

#### Responses

- **204 No Content:** The ingestion source was deleted successfully.
- **404 Not Found:** Ingestion source not found.
- **500 Internal Server Error:** An unexpected error occurred.

### POST /api/v1/ingestion-sources/:id/import

Triggers the initial import process for an ingestion source.

**Access:** Authenticated

#### URL Parameters

| Parameter | Type   | Description                     |
| :-------- | :----- | :------------------------------ |
| `id`      | string | The ID of the ingestion source. |

#### Responses

- **202 Accepted:** The initial import was triggered successfully.
- **404 Not Found:** Ingestion source not found.
- **500 Internal Server Error:** An unexpected error occurred.

### POST /api/v1/ingestion-sources/:id/pause

Pauses an active ingestion source.

**Access:** Authenticated

#### URL Parameters

| Parameter | Type   | Description                     |
| :-------- | :----- | :------------------------------ |
| `id`      | string | The ID of the ingestion source. |

#### Responses

- **200 OK:** The updated ingestion source object with a `paused` status.
- **404 Not Found:** Ingestion source not found.
- **500 Internal Server Error:** An unexpected error occurred.

### POST /api/v1/ingestion-sources/:id/sync

Triggers a forced synchronization for an ingestion source.

**Access:** Authenticated

#### URL Parameters

| Parameter | Type   | Description                     |
| :-------- | :----- | :------------------------------ |
| `id`      | string | The ID of the ingestion source. |

#### Responses

- **202 Accepted:** The force sync was triggered successfully.
- **404 Not Found:** Ingestion source not found.
- **500 Internal Server Error:** An unexpected error occurred.

Commit message:

feat(ingestion): add local file path support and optimize EML processing
- Frontend: Updated IngestionSourceForm to allow toggling between "Upload File" and "Local File Path" for PST, EML, and Mbox providers.
- Frontend: Added logic to clear irrelevant form data when switching import methods.
- Frontend: Added English translations for new form fields.
- Backend: Refactored EMLConnector to stream ZIP entries using yauzl instead of extracting the full archive to disk, significantly improving efficiency for large archives.
- Docs: Updated API documentation and User Guides (PST, EML, Mbox) to clarify "Local File Path" usage, specifically within Docker environments.

docs/api/ingestion.md, after:

# Ingestion Service API

The Ingestion Service manages ingestion sources, which are configurations for connecting to email providers and importing emails.

## Endpoints

All endpoints in this service require authentication.

### POST /api/v1/ingestion-sources

Creates a new ingestion source.

**Access:** Authenticated

#### Request Body

The request body should be a `CreateIngestionSourceDto` object.

```typescript
interface CreateIngestionSourceDto {
	name: string;
	provider: 'google_workspace' | 'microsoft_365' | 'generic_imap' | 'pst_import' | 'eml_import' | 'mbox_import';
	providerConfig: IngestionCredentials;
}
```

#### Example: Creating an Mbox Import Source with File Upload

```json
{
	"name": "My Mbox Import",
	"provider": "mbox_import",
	"providerConfig": {
		"type": "mbox_import",
		"uploadedFileName": "emails.mbox",
		"uploadedFilePath": "open-archiver/tmp/uuid-emails.mbox"
	}
}
```

#### Example: Creating an Mbox Import Source with Local File Path

```json
{
	"name": "My Mbox Import",
	"provider": "mbox_import",
	"providerConfig": {
		"type": "mbox_import",
		"localFilePath": "/path/to/emails.mbox"
	}
}
```

**Note:** When using `localFilePath`, the file will not be deleted after import. When using `uploadedFilePath` (via the upload API), the file will be automatically deleted after import. The same applies to `pst_import` and `eml_import` providers.

**Important regarding `localFilePath`:** When running OpenArchiver in a Docker container (which is the standard deployment), `localFilePath` refers to the path **inside the Docker container**, not on the host machine.
To use a local file:
1.  **Recommended:** Place your file inside the directory defined by `STORAGE_LOCAL_ROOT_PATH` (e.g., inside a `temp` folder). Since this directory is already mounted as a volume, the file will be accessible at the same path inside the container.
2.  **Alternative:** Mount a specific directory containing your files as a volume in `docker-compose.yml`. For example, add `- /path/to/my/files:/imports` to the `volumes` section and use `/imports/myfile.pst` as the `localFilePath`.

#### Responses

- **201 Created:** The newly created ingestion source.
- **500 Internal Server Error:** An unexpected error occurred.

### GET /api/v1/ingestion-sources

Retrieves all ingestion sources.

**Access:** Authenticated

#### Responses

- **200 OK:** An array of ingestion source objects.
- **500 Internal Server Error:** An unexpected error occurred.

### GET /api/v1/ingestion-sources/:id

Retrieves a single ingestion source by its ID.

**Access:** Authenticated

#### URL Parameters

| Parameter | Type   | Description                     |
| :-------- | :----- | :------------------------------ |
| `id`      | string | The ID of the ingestion source. |

#### Responses

- **200 OK:** The ingestion source object.
- **404 Not Found:** Ingestion source not found.
- **500 Internal Server Error:** An unexpected error occurred.

### PUT /api/v1/ingestion-sources/:id

Updates an existing ingestion source.

**Access:** Authenticated

#### URL Parameters

| Parameter | Type   | Description                     |
| :-------- | :----- | :------------------------------ |
| `id`      | string | The ID of the ingestion source. |

#### Request Body

The request body should be an `UpdateIngestionSourceDto` object.

```typescript
interface UpdateIngestionSourceDto {
	name?: string;
	provider?: 'google' | 'microsoft' | 'generic_imap';
	providerConfig?: IngestionCredentials;
	status?: 'pending_auth' | 'auth_success' | 'importing' | 'active' | 'paused' | 'error';
}
```

#### Responses

- **200 OK:** The updated ingestion source object.
- **404 Not Found:** Ingestion source not found.
- **500 Internal Server Error:** An unexpected error occurred.

### DELETE /api/v1/ingestion-sources/:id

Deletes an ingestion source and all associated data.

**Access:** Authenticated

#### URL Parameters

| Parameter | Type   | Description                     |
| :-------- | :----- | :------------------------------ |
| `id`      | string | The ID of the ingestion source. |

#### Responses

- **204 No Content:** The ingestion source was deleted successfully.
- **404 Not Found:** Ingestion source not found.
- **500 Internal Server Error:** An unexpected error occurred.

### POST /api/v1/ingestion-sources/:id/import

Triggers the initial import process for an ingestion source.

**Access:** Authenticated

#### URL Parameters

| Parameter | Type   | Description                     |
| :-------- | :----- | :------------------------------ |
| `id`      | string | The ID of the ingestion source. |

#### Responses

- **202 Accepted:** The initial import was triggered successfully.
- **404 Not Found:** Ingestion source not found.
- **500 Internal Server Error:** An unexpected error occurred.

### POST /api/v1/ingestion-sources/:id/pause

Pauses an active ingestion source.

**Access:** Authenticated

#### URL Parameters

| Parameter | Type   | Description                     |
| :-------- | :----- | :------------------------------ |
| `id`      | string | The ID of the ingestion source. |

#### Responses

- **200 OK:** The updated ingestion source object with a `paused` status.
- **404 Not Found:** Ingestion source not found.
- **500 Internal Server Error:** An unexpected error occurred.

### POST /api/v1/ingestion-sources/:id/sync

Triggers a forced synchronization for an ingestion source.

**Access:** Authenticated

#### URL Parameters

| Parameter | Type   | Description                     |
| :-------- | :----- | :------------------------------ |
| `id`      | string | The ID of the ingestion source. |

#### Responses

- **202 Accepted:** The force sync was triggered successfully.
- **404 Not Found:** Ingestion source not found.
- **500 Internal Server Error:** An unexpected error occurred.
